{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\vieww13400\viewh9560\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li220\ri-1560\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \
Linebreak S.L.\
FlareApp Software License Agreement
\b0 \
\

\b PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE. BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.\
\
1. License Grant.
\b0  This Agreement constitutes a legally binding agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) (\'93Customer\'94) and "Linebreak S.L." (\'93Linebreak\'94), for the Software and any and all associated media, printed materials, and \'93online\'94 or electronic documentation (collectively, the \'93Product\'94).\
\
1.1 Purchase of a single user license permits a single user to install and use FlareApp on multiple machines. Use by multiple users on multiple machines requires a purchase of multiple individual licenses or a multi-user license, such as a "Family Pack" license.\
\
1.2 \cf2 Purchase of a multi-user license allows use by multiple users on multiple machines, up to the limit described by the type of license purchased. All users under a multi-user license must be employees or students of the organization purchasing the multi-user license. All users under a "Family Pack" license must be members of the same private household. The individual or organization purchasing the multi-user license will be regarded as the Customer and is responsible for ensuring compliance with all of the terms contained in this License Agreement on behalf of all users of FlareApp under the license.\cf0 \
\

\b 2. Ownership.
\b0  Linebreak retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Product, including all intellectual property rights therein.\
\

\b 3. Other Restrictions.
\b0  Customer may not use, copy or distribute the Product without Linebreak's authorization, except that Customer may make one or more copies of the Product solely for backup or archival purposes. \
a)	Customer shall not modify, copy or adapt the Product; merge the Product into another program; reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Product (except to the extent the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law); or place the Product onto a server, or combine the Product with any software or hardware, so that it becomes accessible (directly or indirectly) by means of a public (such as the Internet) or a private network;\uc0\u8232 b)	Customer shall not under any circumstances, remove or alter copyright notices, registration numbers, or other features serving to identify the Product.\u8232 c)	Customer shall not hire out the Product (or any part thereof) to any third party for commercial purposes or for service bureau use.\u8232 d)	Customer shall not sub-license, rent, lease, loan, or otherwise indirectly transfer (such as by consignment) any portion of the Product to any third party.\u8232 e)	Customer shall not transfer the Product to any third party, if Customer knows or has reason to know that the third party will violate any term or condition of this Agreement.\u8232 Any use of the Product (or any part thereof) in violation of this Agreement shall entitle Linebreak to all rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity, including (without limitation) monetary damages and equitable relief.\
\

\b 4. No Warranty (please note the specific country modifications in Section 8).
\b0  The Software is being delivered to you "AS IS" and Linebreak makes no warranty as to its use or performance. LINEBREAK AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE SOFTWARE. EXCEPT FOR ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM TO THE EXTENT TO WHICH THE SAME CANNOT OR MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW APPLICABLE TO YOU IN YOUR JURISDICTION, LINEBREAK AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, OR TERMS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE) AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY, INTEGRATION, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR FITNES FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The provisions of Section 4 and Section 5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, howsoever caused, but this shall not imply or create any continued right to Use the Software after termination of this Agreement.\
\

\b 5. Limitation of Liability (please note the specific country modifications in Section 8).
\b0   IN NO EVENT WILL LINEBREAK OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS, EVEN IF A CULTURED CODE REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR JURISDICTION. LINEBREAK\'92S AGGREGATE LIABILITY AND THAT OF ITS SUPPLIERS UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE, IF ANY. Nothing contained in this Agreement limits Linebreak's liability to you in the event of death or personal injury resulting from Linebreak's negligence or for the tort of deceit (fraud). Linebreak is acting on behalf of its suppliers for the purpose of disclaiming, excluding and/or limiting obligations, warranties and liability as provided in this Agreement, but in no other respects and for no other purpose. \
\

\b 6. General Provisions.
\b0  If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of this Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. This Agreement may only be modified by a writing signed by an authorized officer of Linebreak. Updates may be licensed to you by Linebreak with additional or different terms. This is the entire agreement between Linebreak and you relating to the Software and it supersedes any prior representations, discussions, undertakings, communications or advertising relating to the Software.\
\

\b 7. Governing Law.
\b0  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws in force in Spain if a license to the Software is purchased by a Customer having its seat in a member state of the European Union. The respective courts of Spain competent for Linebreaks's seat shall have jurisdiction over all disputes relating to this Agreement; however Linebreak may file legal actions as well at the seat of the Customer. This Agreement will not be governed by the conflict of law rules of any jurisdiction or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded.\
\

\b 8. Specific Country Modifications.
\b0 \
8.1. Warranty for Users Residing in the European Union. If the Customer obtained the Software in a member state of the EU, and usually resides in such country, then Section 5 does not apply, instead, Linebreak warrants that the Software provides the functionalities set forth in the Documentation (the "agreed upon functionalities") for the limited warranty period following receipt of the Software when used on the recommended hardware configuration. As used in this Section, "limited warranty period" means one (1) year if you are a business user and two (2) years if you are not a business user. Non-substantial variation from the agreed upon functionalities shall not be considered and does not establish any warranty rights.If the functionalities of the Software vary substantially from the agreed upon functionalities, Linebreak is entitled -- by way of re-performance and at its own discretion -- to repair or replace the Software. If this fails, the Customer is entitled to a reduction of the purchase price (reduction) or to cancel the purchase agreement (rescission) and/or to claim damages pursuant to Sec.8.2.\
\
8.2. Limitation of Liability for Users Residing in the European Union. \
\
8.2.1. If the Customer obtained the Software in a member state of the EU, and usually resides in such country, then Section 6 does not apply, Instead, subject to the provisions in Section 8.2.2, Linebreak's statutory liability for damages shall be limited as follows: (i) Linebreak shall be liable only up to the amount of damages as typically foreseeable at the time of entering into the purchase agreement in respect of damages caused by a slightly negligent breach of a material contractual obligation and (ii) Linebreak shall not be liable for damages caused by a slightly negligent breach of a non-material contractual obligation. \
\
8.2.2. The aforesaid limitation of liability shall not apply to liability under the Spanish Product Liability Act, liability for assuming a specific guarantee or liability for culpably caused personal injuries.\
}